{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19200\viewh20100\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dear Mr. Parker,\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
This is Alex Hirt, the front end developer and artist who discussed creating interactive learning at Apple with you today. \'a0\
\
I would like thank you for giving me your time at SXSW.  I \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 greatly \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 enjoyed our meeting today and am absolutely thrilled about our conversation over potential hiring candidacy.  I feel honored to be able to have the chance to apply my skills at Apple.\
\
Here is a link to my portfolio website:  \
\
www.alexhirt.com \
\
I have also attached a letter introducing myself as well as my resume.\
\
\
\
\
\
Our conversation today has given me a great deal to think about.  If I may, I would like to expand a bit on our discussion:\
\
I am eager for opportunities that will provide unique challenges as well as extensive feedback.  Developing interactive learning web applications offers the prospect to not only create experiences meant to enrich users lives but also truly exercise your own knowledge base.  From my understanding, the best way to test comprehension on any given topic is to teach and experience that topic directly, particularly in immersive environments.    \
\
Learning processes also offer special chances to see direct feedback for both students and teachers.  A learner receives feedback on whether they have understood the given material by seeing how successfully they can apply their acquired knowledge.  In turn, the individual or individuals responsible for facilitating this learning process receive feedback by gauging how efficiently they have educated their students.  \
\
Designing learning centered applications on a platform as ubiquitous as the world wide web offers an incredible chance to observe and encounter the afore mentioned insights on a global scale.  I am delighted by the reach and complexity of this endeavor because I believe it is part of what makes being a web developer unique\'97even essential.    \
\
Apple is a company that exemplifies design excellence.  Few companies exist in such a rarified air as Apple when it comes to elegance in user experience and perfection in product.  But beyond these things, I believe Apple stands for a company that strongly maintains an open, diverse and analytical culture where individuals are given the tools to excel.  I respect and admire Apple\'92s ethos and will ensure that my work both contributes and carries out Apples vision.\
\
Again, thank you very much for your consideration and please contact me for any further questions.  \
I am always available to answer anything or to talk further. \
\
Sincerely,\
\
Alex\
\
www.alexhirt.com\
ahirt09@gmail.com | (817)-692-5952\
 \
\
\
}